README.rst, before:

Mistral client
==============

Python client for Mistral REST API. Includes python library for Mistral API and Command Line Interface (CLI) library.


Installation
------------

First of all, clone the repo and go to the repo directory:

    git clone git://git.openstack.org/openstack/python-mistralclient.git
    cd python-mistralclient

Then just run:

    pip install -e .

or

    pip install -r requirements.txt
    python setup.py install


Running Mistral client
----------------------

If Mistral authentication is enabled, provide the information about OpenStack auth to environment variables. Type:

    export OS_AUTH_URL=http://<Keystone_host>:5000/v2.0
    export OS_USERNAME=admin
    export OS_TENANT_NAME=tenant
    export OS_PASSWORD=secret
    export OS_MISTRAL_URL=http://<Mistral host>:8989/v2  (optional, by default URL=http://localhost:8989/v2)

and in the case that you are authenticating against keystone over https:

    export OS_CACERT=<path_to_ca_cert>

>***Note:** In client, we can use both Keystone auth versions - v2.0 and v3. But server supports only v3.*

To make sure Mistral client works, type:

    mistral workbook-list

You can see the list of available commands typing:

    mistral --help

Commit message:

Show team and repo badges on README
This patch adds the team's and repository's badges to the README file.
The motivation behind this is to communicate the project status and
features at first glance.

For more information about this effort, please read this email thread:

http://lists.openstack.org/pipermail/openstack-dev/2016-October/105562.html

To see an example of how this would look like check:

https://gist.github.com/05f0e4be91c388378357dc746e8b31ce

Change-Id: I9c9f07f94bd097d1d910c520bc456d4a0c6dcde4

README.rst, after:

========================
Team and repository tags
========================

.. image:: http://governance.openstack.org/badges/python-mistralclient.svg
    :target: http://governance.openstack.org/reference/tags/index.html

.. Change things from this point on

Mistral client
==============

Python client for Mistral REST API. Includes python library for Mistral API and Command Line Interface (CLI) library.


Installation
------------

First of all, clone the repo and go to the repo directory:

    git clone git://git.openstack.org/openstack/python-mistralclient.git
    cd python-mistralclient

Then just run:

    pip install -e .

or

    pip install -r requirements.txt
    python setup.py install


Running Mistral client
----------------------

If Mistral authentication is enabled, provide the information about OpenStack auth to environment variables. Type:

    export OS_AUTH_URL=http://<Keystone_host>:5000/v2.0
    export OS_USERNAME=admin
    export OS_TENANT_NAME=tenant
    export OS_PASSWORD=secret
    export OS_MISTRAL_URL=http://<Mistral host>:8989/v2  (optional, by default URL=http://localhost:8989/v2)

and in the case that you are authenticating against keystone over https:

    export OS_CACERT=<path_to_ca_cert>

>***Note:** In client, we can use both Keystone auth versions - v2.0 and v3. But server supports only v3.*

To make sure Mistral client works, type:

    mistral workbook-list

You can see the list of available commands typing:

    mistral --help
